When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When working on a collaboration with others or you want to access repositories from anywhere

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	That way you can control exactly when your branch should be updated with the latest changes from remote repository. Having Git automatically pull from remote might mess things up, creating conflicts, with changes from local repository, especially when you are in middle of a commit.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	
	Fork is used when you want to change a repository that you're not allowed to. Clone a repository when you want to copy a remote repository to your ones. You would branch when working in several expirements/bug fixes simultaneously
	
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	You can access the last known state of the remote branch locally even without Internet connection. It also helps when merging changes from remote especially in conflicting state, local changes aren't lost 
	
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	Without Git, you just have to manually merge changes from different people's work, organising a meet-up and merge, resolve conflicts if any. It is definitely harder without Git as it is more time-consuming and involved more manual work.
	
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	
	For simple changes that can be done immediately with in a commit, you can make those changes directly in master and then commit/push. For a bigger change that requires several commits or can't be done in a short period of time, it'd be better to create a separate branch and commit changes to it. The only benefit branching gives is you can group logical changes in a branch separated from local master branch, even though working directly in master is more straightforward and requires less work