How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    You can see what changes are, go through each one of the changes made and can quickly spot where the error is

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    An entire history of the file is available for viewing, can see where the file was created, when it was last modified, etc. and potentially roll back to a previous version if current version is not working

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    manually commit
		pros:
			can choose when to commit
			can group logical changes into 1 commit
		cons:
			have to manually commit
			might forget when working->changes become too big/too small
	Auto saved
		pros:
			system does that automatically
			save time
		cons:
			clutter history if save too often
			version saved might not work as it was half-way saved
			can't control/group changes
			

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git was designed to be a true version control to be used in software development, hence it allows multiple files in a commit. Google Docs is not a version control system in itself, it just supports version control to files stored.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log can reveal history of recent file changes, git diff or git log --stat can show how many changes are made in each commit and what changes are

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can always rollback to a previous version of repository using git checkout, so it is less worrisome that you could break things that can't be fixed

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To learn more about Git and start using it in my own projects
